hey guys and welcome back to FedEx
gaming's knobloch tutorials please leave
a like on the video I'd really
appreciate it also my channel grow note
a me show you guys how to build a short
version of the Happy Birthday song now
the reason why I am doing this is
because today is infact my birthday so I
was like you know what might as well
show people how to build a little bit of
a happy birthday Knobloch song in
Minecraft since today is my birthday so
let's just listen to this thing and then
start building it short sweet and
birthday sounding ished so for this bill
we are going to need a 12 by 14 spacing
and each black wool block is going to be
where I'm going to be placing my note
blocks and each red wool block is where
I'm going to be placing the repeaters
just so in case you guys have not seen
any of my other know block tutorials so
what I like to do is put a note block
down and on the left hand side of screen
a number will pop up telling you how
many times you are going to have to hit
the note block so the first note block
is going to be 8 3 ticks 8 1 tick 11
eight
for ticks 11:8
for ticks 11:3 for ticks 11:10 for ticks
ten-four
TURN RIGHT two ticks two ticks ten turn
right again three ticks eight
one tick 4 8 4 ticks 10 8 4 ticks 10:13
for ticks
13:11 for ticks
11:3 turn left 2 ticks two ticks 11 turn
left again 3 ticks 8 one tick 1118 for
ticks 1118
fifteen four tix
fifteen
eleven for ticks
eleven
ten for ticks
8:10
turn right
two ticks two ticks eight
turn right again 16
three ticks 16
one tick 16 for 15
for ticks 315 11
for ticks 11:15 Oh 13 for ticks 13 11
for ticks
for ticks 11 and we are done so now if
we swing back to the beginning and put
some dust here put a block up with a
button on it we can now play it so once
you are done building it it should sound
something like this and that is how you
build the happy birthday theme whatever
there's a lot of happy birthday theme so
it's just one of them one of many of
them and it's very short and sweet
because today is my birthday and I will
be doing stuff today so I thought I'd
make a short video on my birthday as
well so if you guys enjoyed this video
please leave a like and subscribe to
stay tuned with my newest videos alright
guys peace